8.0.1 (#162)
MetaMask/KeyringController: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [8.0.1]

> ### Uncategorized
> - Return fullUpdate from methods it used to ([#161](https://github.com/MetaMask/KeyringController/pull/161))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixed
-  Restore full state return value ([#161](https://github.com/MetaMask/KeyringController/pull/161))
  - Some methods were accidentally changed in v8.0.0 to return nothing, where previously they returned the full KeyringController state.
  - The affected methods were:
    - `createNewVaultAndKeychain`
    - `submitPassword`
    - `submitEncryptionKey`
    - `addNewAccount`
    - `removeAccount`
  - They now all return the full state, just as they did in earlier versions.
```
